


## Installation:

 1) Setup Python 3.14+: compatibility with 3.9 might be possible, but requires further testing.

 2) In an appropriate location, setup a Python virtual environment to run your application from. See internet for setting up virtual environments:
   > python -m venv pyEnv

 3) Assuming you named your virtual environment pyEnv, open your commandline-utility:
    > cd /path/to/your/desired/software/setup/
    > source ../path/to/pyEnv/bin/activate
    > (pyEnv): python pip install Django

    These steps will activate your virtual env and allow you install Django into that env.

 4) While still in your virtualEnv, proceed to setup a new django project:
    > (pyEnv): django-admin startproject {your_project_name}

 5) Once setup... @todo: complete rest of the steps...


 ix) Ensure AUTH_USER_MODEL = 'users.CustomUser' in settings.py
 x) Run mugrations:
   > python manage.py makemigrations users
   > python manage.py migrate

 xi) Now you can run the remaining migrations:
   > python manage.py makemigrations
   > python manage.py migrate

This will ensure Users model is integrated properly with django, leaving out the default django.user model.


 ## Setting up superadmin:
Login to your preferred MySQL administration suite. Create a new record with the following pieced of information:

 1) Insert New Row: Add a new record with the following fields:
   > id: Auto-increment or a unique number. (leave empty)
   > username: Your chosen username (e.g., sysadmin).
   > email: Your email (e.g., admin@example.com).
   > password: This must be a hashed password! You can generate one by running python manage.py shell and using from django.contrib.auth.hashers import make_password; make_password('your_strong_password'). Copy the output.
   > is_superuser: Set to 1 (True).
   > is_staff: Set to 1 (True).
   > is_active: Set to 1 (True).
   > date_joined: Current date/time.
   > first_name, last_name, user_permissions, groups, etc.: Can be left empty or set appropriately.
   > Save: Click "Go" or "Save" to insert the record.
   > Access Admin: Navigate to your Django admin (/admin/) and log in with your new username and hashed password. 

