# Data Relationship Mapper
==============================

The DRM works on top of Django's ORM to provide powerful CRUD operability over
the entire Module/App/Space at once.

In addition to O2O; M2M and M2O (referred to as RLC) are also handled with our DRMs.


LAWS OF CRUD (Create Read Update Delete Operations) Operations:
---------------------------------

 1) All crud operations will be done with these the DRM files. Operation modification can be done in the crud classes. While raw query modification in the DRM.querysets files. THIS IS ABSOLUTE.

 2) If a certain crud operation is missing. It must be added/modified in the DRM files. And the related DRM.querysets folder (which carries the raw SQL queries.)

 3) The django models are not to be touched unless for modifying DB/table structures in the DotzCRM MySQL database.

These laws are designed to maintain consistent, reliable data structures within the CRM.

Since DotzCRM relies heavily on Raw MySQL queries, we need a way to maintain our own order.

### Notes:
 - Due to DRM, all serializers used in our REST-APIs will only use the 'id' field to refer to the App's Master-Record ID. So all table-models in the Tickets App domain, when carrying out CRUD operations with the serializer will hold the ticket-id in the 'id' field. The child table will be referred to with a one-letter-identifyer like 's' for tickets_satus, thus the ticket_status.id will be referred to as 'sid' throughout the crud operations.


# QuerySets:
-----------------
The QuerySet family of definitions will be essential to maintaining strict data-integrity and database-interactions standards.

Where Django ORM's standard functions are not used to operate on the MySQL DB, these QuerySet methods should be used to interact with the MySQL DB.

DO NOT use raw queries anywhere outside of QuerySets in this project.